fix/mejoras-point (#2164)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/mp-point/integration-api/point-simulator.en.md

To learn how to use the simulator, follow the steps below.

## 1. Generate the test environment

To start testing integrations and payment flows with the Point Simulator, you will need to generate [test users](developers/en/docs/mp-point/additional-content/your-integrations/test/accounts) and access their production credentials.

If you prefer, you can also create test users using the following command:

``` curl
curl -X POST \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H 'Authorization: Bearer ${TEST_ACCESS_TOKEN}' \
"https://api.mercadopago.com/users/test" \
-d '{"site_id":"MLM","description" : "a description"}'
```

## 2. Configure your credentials

When using the simulator for the first time, you will need to enter [your credentials](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/panel/credentials). To obtain them, access [Your integrations](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/panel/applications), option **My credentials > Test credentials**.

In addition, you will need to select one of your available devices.

* **PDV mode**: you must enter your test `access-token` (`TEST-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXXXX`) and the simulator will assign you a virtual device.

> * **Device mode**: you must enter your test `access-token` (`TEST-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXXXX`) and the device ID obtained when [listing your devices](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/es/guides/integration-api/create-payment-intent#bookmark_obtén_el_listado_de_tus_dispositivos_disponibles).

Author: ```suggestion
* **Device mode**: you must enter your test `access-token` (`TEST-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXXXX`) and the device ID obtained when [listing your devices](/developers/en/docs/mp-point/integration-configuration/integrate-with-pdv/payment-processing).
```
